graphql: Add tech detection for GraphQL Engines (#5843)
zaproxy/zap-extensions: addOns/graphql/CHANGELOG.md

    - tailcall
    - Hot Chocolate
- Support for importing an introspection query response from a file (Issue 8569).

> - If the Tech Detection (Wappalyzer) add-on is installed and a GraphQL engine is successfully finger printed it is added to the Technology tab/data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the Tech Detection (Wappalyzer) add-on is installed and a GraphQL engine is successfully fingerprinted, it is added to the Technology tab/data.
```

Reviewer 2: This was resolved but no change or comment was done (might have missed it).
